////////////
BOOKS
////////////
Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes are High, Third Edition
High Output Management
How to Win Friends and Influence People
The making of a manager
Simon Sinek in Leaders Eat Last


The making of a manager::
quotes::

But they are managers all the same, and they share a
common purpose: helping a group of people achieve a common goal

I believe this as deeply as I believe anything: Great managers are made, not
born. It doesn’t matter who you are.

because only when you’ve bought into the whys can you truly be
effective in the hows. Why do managers even exist? Why should you have one-
on-one meetings with your reports? Why should you hire Candidate A over
Candidate B? Why do so many managers make the same mistakes?

Still, much of the daily work of
managers—giving feedback, creating a healthy culture, planning for the future—
is universal

A MANAGER’S JOB IS TO . . .
build a team that works well together,
support members in reaching their career goals, and
create processes to get work done smoothly and efficiently.

This is the crux of management: It is the belief that a team of people can
achieve more than a single person going it alone. It is the realization that you
don’t have to do everything yourself, be the best at everything yourself, or even
know how to do everything yourself.
Y our job, as a manager, is to get better outcomes from a group of people
working together

The best employees don’t tend to
stick around for years and years under a boss who treats them poorly or whom
they don’t respect. And talented managers can typically turn around poor-
performing teams if they are empowered to make changes

The first big part of your job as a manager is to ensure that your team knows
what success looks like and cares about achieving it. Getting everyone to
understand and believe in your team’s purpose.
The next important bucket that managers think about is people, otherwise
known as the who. Are the members of your team set up to succeed? Do they
have the right skills? Are they motivated to do great work?
To manage people well, you must develop trusting relationships with
them, understand their strengths and weaknesses (as well as your own), make
good decisions about who should do what (including hiring and firing when
necessary), and coach individuals to do their best.
Finally, the last bucket is process, which describes how your team works
together.

Purpose, people, process. The why, the who, and the how. A great manager
constantly asks herself how she can influence these levers to improve her team’s
outcomes. As the team grows in size, it matters less and less how good she is
personally at doing the work herself. What matters more is how much of a
multiplier effect she has on her team.

Y our role as a manager is not to do the work yourself, even if you are the best
at it, because that will only take you so far. Y our role is to improve the purpose,
people, and process of your team to get as high a multiplier effect on your
collective outcome as you can.

Remember what I said before: great managers are made, not born. But there
is one caveat, and that caveat is this: you have to enjoy the day-to-day of
management and want to do it.

I learned then one of my first
lessons of management—the best outcomes come from inspiring people to
action, not telling them what to do.

